c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\bin\Debug\DigitalX.exe.config
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\bin\Debug\DigitalX.exe
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\bin\Debug\DigitalX.pdb
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\DigitalX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\DigitalX_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\DigitalX_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\DigitalX.g.resources
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\DigitalX.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\DigitalX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\DigitalX.exe
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\DigitalX.pdb
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
c:\users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Customers.g.cs
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Employees.g.cs
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Orders.g.cs
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Products.g.cs
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Customers.baml
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Employees.baml
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Orders.baml
C:\Users\ames\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DigitalX\DigitalX\obj\Debug\Products.baml
